Changelog for v2.17.0 (#523)
vmware/go-vcloud-director: CHANGELOG.md

* Added `VCDClient.QueryMediaById` to query a media record using a media ID ([#520](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/520))
* Added `Vdc.QueryVappSynchronizedVmTemplate` to query a VM inside a vApp Template that must be synchronized in the catalog [[#520](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/520)] 
* Added `VCDClient.QueryVmInVAppTemplateByHref` and `VCDClient.QuerySynchronizedVmInVAppTemplateByHref` to query a VM
  inside a vApp Template by using the latter's hyper-reference ([#520](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/520))
* Added `VCDClient.QuerySynchronizedVAppTemplateById` to get a synchronized vApp Template query record from a vApp Template ID ([#520](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/520))

## IMPROVEMENTS
* Added method `VM.Shutdown` to shut down guest OS ([#413](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/413), [#496](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/496))
* Add support for MoRef ID on VM record type. Using the MoRef ID, we can then correlate that back to vCenter Server and find the VM with matching MoRef ID  ([#491](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/491))

> * Fixed type `types.AdminVdc.ResourcePoolRefs` to make unmarshaling work (read-only) ([#494](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/494))

Reviewer: Should this be a bug fix?

Author: Agree, moving

Author: Moved. Also moved another one:
```
* Fixed Test_NsxtSecurityGroupGetAssociatedVms which had name clash [GH-498]
```

* Added VCDClient.GetAllNsxtEdgeClusters for lookup of NSX-T Edge Clusters in wider scopes -
  Provider VDC, VDC Group or VDC ([#512](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/512))
* Switched VDC.GetAllNsxtEdgeClusters to use 'orgVdcId' filter instead of '_context' (now deprecated)
  ([#512](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/512))
* Created `VM.UpdateComputePolicyV2` and `VM.UpdateComputePolicyV2Async` that uses v2.0.0 of VDC Compute Policy endpoint
  of OpenAPI and allows updating VM Sizing Policies and also VM Placement Policies for a given VM ([#513](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/513))
* Added `[]tenant` structure to simplify org user testing ([#515](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/515))
* Improved `Vdc.QueryVappVmTemplate` to avoid querying VMs in vApp Templates that are not synchronized in the catalog ([#520](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/520))

## BUG FIXES
* Changed `VdcComputePolicy.Description` to a non-omitempty pointer, to be able to send null values to VCD to set empty descriptions. ([#504](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/504))

> * Fixed issue 514 "ignoring pagination in network queries" ([#518](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/518))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed issue #514 "ignoring pagination in network queries" ([#518](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/518))
```

So GitHub automatically adds the link to the issue.

Author: Fixed.

Reviewer: Ah, I was wrong, sorry. It seems it doesn't do it (actually it makes sense as we did this script mechanism to add the links). 
Maybe we can add instead
```
[#514](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/issues/514)
```

Author: Should be better now

  `VM`, `Vdc`, `AdminVdc`, `ProviderVdc`, `VApp`, `VAppTemplate`, `MediaRecord`, `Media`, `AdminCatalog`, `AdminOrg`, `Disk`,
  `OrgVDCNetwork`, `CatalogItem` in favor of their `DeleteMetadataWithDomainAsync` and `DeleteMetadataWithDomain`
  counterparts ([#510](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/510))

## NOTES
* Ran `make fmt` using Go 1.19 release (`fmt` automatically changes doc comment structure). This
  will prevent `make static` errors when running tests in pipeline using Go 1.19 ([#497](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/497))
* Updated branding `vCloud Director` -> `VMware Cloud Director` ([#497](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/497))
* Go officially supports 2 last releases. With Go 1.19 being released it means that Go 1.18 is the
  minimum officially supported Go version and this set our hands free to use generics in this SDK
  (if there is a need for it). `go.mod` is updated to reflect Go minimum version 1.18 ([#497](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/497))
* package `io/ioutil` is deprecated as of Go 1.16. `staticcheck` started complaining about usage of

>   deprecated packages. As a result this PR switches packages to either `io` or `os` (still the same

Reviewer: Should we omit saying "As a result this PR switches"? To something like

```suggestion
  deprecated packages. As a result packages `io` or `os` are used (still the same
```

Author: Fixed

  functions are used) ([#497](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/497))

> * `staticcheck` switched version naming from `2021.1.2` to `v0.3.3` in download section. This PR

Reviewer: Should we omit saying "This PR"? To something like
```suggestion
* `staticcheck` switched version naming from `2021.1.2` to `v0.3.3` in download section. Updated code to fetch...
```

Author: Rephrased it to be shorter

>   also updates code to fetch correct one ([#497](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/497)]* Added a new GitHub Action to run `gosec` on every push and pull request [[#516](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/516))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  also updates code to fetch correct one ([#497](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/497)]
* Added a new GitHub Action to run `gosec` on every push and pull request [[#516](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/516))
```

Author: Fixed
